added preprint citation (#2)
bokulich-lab/HPV-multiOmics: README.md

# Multi-Omics Predictive Modelling of Cervicovaginal Microenvironment

> This repository accompanies the publication: "Multi-omics data integration reveals metabolome as the top predictor of the cervicovaginal microenvironment" (citation below). It includes all published analyses, namely the data analysis and modelling in notebook `a-modelling-HPV.ipynb` and the analysis of the interaction of microbiome and metabolome in the notebook `b-mmvec-HPV.ipynb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository accompanies the preprint: "Integration of multi-omics data improves prediction of cervicovaginal microenvironment in cervical cancer" (citation below). It includes all published analyses, namely the data analysis and modelling in notebook `a-modelling-HPV.ipynb` and the analysis of the interaction of microbiome and metabolome in the notebook `b-mmvec-HPV.ipynb`.
```

Author: thanks @adamovanja ! good catch. Committed your suggestion.
